stronger hey welcome back to show camp
TV boys and girls I'm your host Elliott
Hulse today I have a question from one
of our viewers names Mike Rojas and he
owns strong 101 which is a gym in
California and I bet he's got to be
pretty strong with his gym named after
the attribute well anyway he goes on to
say that he has a few questions
regarding strongman training Mike's
gonna be doing this very first strong
strong man competition and he's got a
few events that he wants some tips on so
I'm gonna go ahead and I'm going to give
you guys some tips and I'm gonna give
you Mike some tips on trusting medleys
sandbag carries axial deadlifts for reps
which we're gonna kill yoke walks and
stones but before I go ahead and do that
I want to let you in on my number one
back secret for strongman training ready
for this
you got to get really really strong
alright so let's take a look at your
events the first thing you got going on
is a pressing medley it starts with a
kettlebell it's not strong man alright
well then we move on to a stone all
right well the toughest part about
pressing a stone is getting that bitch
up on your shoulders so um I don't have
a 145 Stoke is just way too light for
strength camp fuck stronger I got a 225
and I guess I like to try it in front of
you we'll do that in a second
105 K or 150 K and a 220 log well let's
give it a go well Mike he asked my
advice on pressing a stone and says the
lightest stone I have is do 25 and I
don't like giving advice about things
that I've never done before and we
completely honest with you I've never
pressed a stone before so um I guess
I'll try it now
then you gotta lap it from here you
probably got to get him in the shoulder
all right work stronger
Oh
you
probably technically cook like that all
right with your log press you want to
make sure that you maintain immaculate
form but you never break your form you
want to make sure that you're maintained
spine like your spine should be super
erect the entire time and keep your toes
straight never let your knees go over
your over your feet your toes go over
your knees and make sure you keep the
tongue on the roof of your mouth
all right seriously now for the K
there's water there sloshing all around
I think you've got 150 K this is about a
150 K here and what I like to do is have
it sit on my chest let the water stop
first and honesty here I've been to
Turkey longer you want to squeeze your
gluts and sort of lean back by extending
your hips
if you don't tweeze your glutes your low
back them take a lot of the pressure so
squeeze the glutes lean back and press
it almost like an incline bench press
serious I'll try for you
squeezing the glutes right seriously do
that my children inside axle deadlifts
400 pounds
I love axle deadlifts watch this video
of me doing axle deadlift notice how I
Drive the knees forward right before
lifting super important to get your leg
involved check it out
yo grace a serious tip on racing with
the yoke kick your feet sort of close a
lot of people try to pick it up like a
squat and keep your feet like they
squatted and they waddle it out get your
feet close and sprint I like to do
narrow grip most people don't a lot of
guys like to grab a wide I don't know I
do a narrow grip it works really well
for me you can feet close it out he goes
stow loading coolest so quick tutorial
on that all right like this for so
loading is but you well you're going to
be using like up to a 300 pound and
still this is still my baby my like 225
stone baby stone so what you want to
make sure that should do is you roll the
stone over onto one of your fingers
before you laughs let me show you
rock and roll it put it on your lap and
if you notice I brought my feet sort of
close again so you want to have a move
out
look closer than shoulder width that way
you can fully extend and when I extend I
like to pull the stone up close to my
face like that for loading it try that
Mike also goes on to ask Elliot what do
you eat during or before your
competition well I did at Nationals was
I did I brought an entire chicken with
me and I ate a whole roasted chicken
during the conference sitcom competition
so I eat chicken during the competition
peel off the egg salad on white makes
and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
and bananas
that's it
so Mike there you have it those are my
tips for your strongman competition I
will see the best of luck you got about
three weeks so you better get stronger
and um send us a video I posted a whole
shrimp comm see you later stronger
stronger stronger stronger